then we turn and journeyed into the
then we turn and journeyed into the wilderness of the way of the Red Sea as
wilderness of the way of the Red Sea as
wilderness of the way of the Red Sea as the Lord spoke to me and we skirted
the Lord spoke to me and we skirted
the Lord spoke to me and we skirted Mount Seir for many days and the Lord
Mount Seir for many days and the Lord
Mount Seir for many days and the Lord spoke to me saying you have skirted this
spoke to me saying you have skirted this
spoke to me saying you have skirted this mountain long enough turn northward and
mountain long enough turn northward and
mountain long enough turn northward and command the people saying you are about
command the people saying you are about
command the people saying you are about to pass through the territory of your
to pass through the territory of your
to pass through the territory of your brethren the descendants of Esau who
brethren the descendants of Esau who
brethren the descendants of Esau who live in sere and they will be afraid of
live in sere and they will be afraid of
live in sere and they will be afraid of you
you
you therefore watch yourselves carefully do
therefore watch yourselves carefully do
therefore watch yourselves carefully do not meddle with them for I will not give
not meddle with them for I will not give
not meddle with them for I will not give you any of their land no not so much as
you any of their land no not so much as
you any of their land no not so much as one footstep because I have given Mount
one footstep because I have given Mount
one footstep because I have given Mount Seir to ezel as a possession you shall
Seir to ezel as a possession you shall
Seir to ezel as a possession you shall buy food from them with money that you
buy food from them with money that you
buy food from them with money that you may eat and you shall also buy water
may eat and you shall also buy water
may eat and you shall also buy water from them with money that you may drink
from them with money that you may drink
from them with money that you may drink for the Lord your God has blessed you in
for the Lord your God has blessed you in
for the Lord your God has blessed you in all the work of your hand he knows your
all the work of your hand he knows your
all the work of your hand he knows your trudging through this great wilderness
trudging through this great wilderness
trudging through this great wilderness these forty years the Lord your God has
these forty years the Lord your God has
these forty years the Lord your God has been with you you have left nothing and
been with you you have left nothing and
been with you you have left nothing and when we pass beyond our brethren the
when we pass beyond our brethren the
when we pass beyond our brethren the descendants of Esau who dwelt in sere
descendants of Esau who dwelt in sere
descendants of Esau who dwelt in sere away from the road of the plain way from
away from the road of the plain way from
away from the road of the plain way from Allah and easy on Juber we turned and
Allah and easy on Juber we turned and
Allah and easy on Juber we turned and passed by way of the wilderness of Moab
passed by way of the wilderness of Moab
passed by way of the wilderness of Moab then the Lord said to me do not Harris
then the Lord said to me do not Harris
then the Lord said to me do not Harris mother nor contend with them in battle
mother nor contend with them in battle
mother nor contend with them in battle for I will not give you any of their
for I will not give you any of their
for I will not give you any of their land as a possession because I have
land as a possession because I have
land as a possession because I have given are to the descendants of Lord as
given are to the descendants of Lord as
given are to the descendants of Lord as a possession the imam had dwelt there in
a possession the imam had dwelt there in
a possession the imam had dwelt there in times past the people is great to
times past the people is great to
times past the people is great to numerous and tall as the Anakim they
numerous and tall as the Anakim they
numerous and tall as the Anakim they were also regarded as giants like the
were also regarded as giants like the
were also regarded as giants like the anak
anak
anak but the Moabites called them email the
but the Moabites called them email the
but the Moabites called them email the whole rights formerly dwelt in seer but
whole rights formerly dwelt in seer but
whole rights formerly dwelt in seer but the descendants of Esau dispossessed
the descendants of Esau dispossessed
the descendants of Esau dispossessed them and destroyed them from before them
them and destroyed them from before them
them and destroyed them from before them and dwelt in their place just as Israel
and dwelt in their place just as Israel
and dwelt in their place just as Israel did to the land of their possession
did to the land of their possession
did to the land of their possession which the Lord gave them now rise and
which the Lord gave them now rise and
which the Lord gave them now rise and cross over the valley of the Spirit so
cross over the valley of the Spirit so
cross over the valley of the Spirit so he crossed over the valley of the zeroD
he crossed over the valley of the zeroD
he crossed over the valley of the zeroD and the time we took to come from Kadesh
and the time we took to come from Kadesh
and the time we took to come from Kadesh Barnea until we crossed over the valley
Barnea until we crossed over the valley
Barnea until we crossed over the valley of the zeroD was 38 years until all the
of the zeroD was 38 years until all the
of the zeroD was 38 years until all the generation the men-of-war was consumed
generation the men-of-war was consumed
generation the men-of-war was consumed from the midst of the camp just as the
from the midst of the camp just as the
from the midst of the camp just as the Lord had sworn to him for indeed the
Lord had sworn to him for indeed the
Lord had sworn to him for indeed the hand of the Lord was against them to
hand of the Lord was against them to
hand of the Lord was against them to destroy them from the midst of the camp
destroy them from the midst of the camp
destroy them from the midst of the camp until they were consumed so it was when
until they were consumed so it was when
until they were consumed so it was when all the men of war had finally perished
all the men of war had finally perished
all the men of war had finally perished from among the people that the Lord
from among the people that the Lord
from among the people that the Lord spoke to me saying this day you are to
spoke to me saying this day you are to
spoke to me saying this day you are to cross over at our boundary of Moab
cross over at our boundary of Moab
cross over at our boundary of Moab and when you come near the people of
and when you come near the people of
and when you come near the people of ammon do not harass them or meddle with
ammon do not harass them or meddle with
ammon do not harass them or meddle with them for I will not give you any of the
them for I will not give you any of the
them for I will not give you any of the land of the people of ammon as a
land of the people of ammon as a
land of the people of ammon as a physician because I have given it to the
physician because I have given it to the
physician because I have given it to the descendants of lot as a possession that
descendants of lot as a possession that
descendants of lot as a possession that was also regarded as a land of giants
was also regarded as a land of giants
was also regarded as a land of giants Giants formerly dwelt there but the
Giants formerly dwelt there but the
Giants formerly dwelt there but the Amorite Skol them Zemzem in a people as
Amorite Skol them Zemzem in a people as
Amorite Skol them Zemzem in a people as great in numerous and tall as the anagen
great in numerous and tall as the anagen
great in numerous and tall as the anagen but the Lord destroyed them before them
but the Lord destroyed them before them
but the Lord destroyed them before them and they dispossessed them and dwelt in
and they dispossessed them and dwelt in
and they dispossessed them and dwelt in their place just as he had done for the
their place just as he had done for the
their place just as he had done for the descendants of Esau who dwelt in seer
descendants of Esau who dwelt in seer
descendants of Esau who dwelt in seer when he destroyed the whole rights from
when he destroyed the whole rights from
when he destroyed the whole rights from before them they dispossessed them and
before them they dispossessed them and
before them they dispossessed them and dwelt in their place even to this day
dwelt in their place even to this day
dwelt in their place even to this day and they even who dwelt in villages as
and they even who dwelt in villages as
and they even who dwelt in villages as far as Gaza the calf to him who came
far as Gaza the calf to him who came
far as Gaza the calf to him who came from kaptur destroyed them and dwelt in
from kaptur destroyed them and dwelt in
from kaptur destroyed them and dwelt in their place rise take your journey and
their place rise take your journey and
their place rise take your journey and cross over the river arnon look I have
cross over the river arnon look I have
cross over the river arnon look I have given into your hand
given into your hand
given into your hand syan the amorite king of Ashton and his
syan the amorite king of Ashton and his
syan the amorite king of Ashton and his land begin to possess it and engage in
land begin to possess it and engage in
land begin to possess it and engage in in battle
in battle
in battle this day I will begin to put the dread
this day I will begin to put the dread
this day I will begin to put the dread and fear of you upon the nations and the
and fear of you upon the nations and the
and fear of you upon the nations and the whole heaven who shall hear the report
whole heaven who shall hear the report
whole heaven who shall hear the report of you and shall tremble and be in
of you and shall tremble and be in
of you and shall tremble and be in anguish because of you and I sent
anguish because of you and I sent
anguish because of you and I sent messengers from the wilderness of Quetta
messengers from the wilderness of Quetta
messengers from the wilderness of Quetta month to Sian king of Heshbon with words
month to Sian king of Heshbon with words
month to Sian king of Heshbon with words of peace saying let me pass through your
of peace saying let me pass through your
of peace saying let me pass through your land I will keep strictly to the road
land I will keep strictly to the road
land I will keep strictly to the road and I will turn neither to the right nor
and I will turn neither to the right nor
and I will turn neither to the right nor to the left
to the left
to the left you shall sell me food for money that I
you shall sell me food for money that I
you shall sell me food for money that I may eat and give me water for money that
may eat and give me water for money that
may eat and give me water for money that I may drink only let me pass through on
I may drink only let me pass through on
I may drink only let me pass through on foot just as the descendants of Esau who
foot just as the descendants of Esau who
foot just as the descendants of Esau who dwell in sere and the Moabites dwelling
dwell in sere and the Moabites dwelling
dwell in sere and the Moabites dwelling are did for me until I crossed the
are did for me until I crossed the
are did for me until I crossed the Jordan to the land which the Lord our
Jordan to the land which the Lord our
Jordan to the land which the Lord our God is giving us but tsiyon king of
God is giving us but tsiyon king of
God is giving us but tsiyon king of Heshbon would not let us pass through
Heshbon would not let us pass through
Heshbon would not let us pass through for the Lord your God harden his spirit
for the Lord your God harden his spirit
for the Lord your God harden his spirit and made his heart obstinate that he
and made his heart obstinate that he
and made his heart obstinate that he might deliver him into your hand as it
might deliver him into your hand as it
might deliver him into your hand as it is this day and the Lord said to me see
is this day and the Lord said to me see
is this day and the Lord said to me see I have begun to give tsiyon and his land
I have begun to give tsiyon and his land
I have begun to give tsiyon and his land over to you begin to possess it that you
over to you begin to possess it that you
over to you begin to possess it that you may inherit his land and sighin and all
may inherit his land and sighin and all
may inherit his land and sighin and all his people came out against us to fight
his people came out against us to fight
his people came out against us to fight that jay has and the Lord our God
that jay has and the Lord our God
that jay has and the Lord our God delivered him over to us so we defeated
delivered him over to us so we defeated
delivered him over to us so we defeated him his sons
him his sons
him his sons and all his people we took all his
and all his people we took all his
and all his people we took all his cities at that time and we utterly
cities at that time and we utterly
cities at that time and we utterly destroyed the men women and little ones
destroyed the men women and little ones
destroyed the men women and little ones of every city we left none remaining we
of every city we left none remaining we
of every city we left none remaining we took only the livestock as plunder for
took only the livestock as plunder for
took only the livestock as plunder for ourselves with the spoils of the cities
ourselves with the spoils of the cities
ourselves with the spoils of the cities which we took from a roar which is on
which we took from a roar which is on
which we took from a roar which is on the bank of the river arnon and from the
the bank of the river arnon and from the
the bank of the river arnon and from the city that is in the ravine as far as
city that is in the ravine as far as
city that is in the ravine as far as Gilead there was not one city too strong
Gilead there was not one city too strong
Gilead there was not one city too strong for us the Lord our God delivered all to
for us the Lord our God delivered all to
for us the Lord our God delivered all to us only you did not go near the land of
us only you did not go near the land of
us only you did not go near the land of the people of ammon anywhere along the
the people of ammon anywhere along the
the people of ammon anywhere along the river Jabbok or to the cities of the
river Jabbok or to the cities of the
river Jabbok or to the cities of the mountains or wherever the Lord our God
mountains or wherever the Lord our God
mountains or wherever the Lord our God had forbidden us